General

We need a consistent terminology. We might not have to write this down
formally anywhere, but we should choose a terminology and stick to
it. For example, players don't want "take" on one card and "capture"
on another and wonder whether or not there is a subtle difference. I
suggest something like the following.

Square - One of the initially 64 squares which make up the board.
Adjacent - One of the up to 8 squares which share a vertex with a given square.
Edge adjacent - One of the up to 4 squares which share an edge with a given square.
Rank - A horizontal row of squares.
	Ranks are numbered so that rank 1 is nearest the player whose turn it is.
File - A vertical row of squares.

Piece - Any piece, including pawn or king.
	This is a definition we might need to write down since in chess notation "piece" excludes pawns.
	This is a bit annoying but "man" might be considered sexist and anything else is too weird.
Non-king piece - A piece which is not a king.
Non-pawn piece - A piece which is not a pawn.
Non-king non-pawn piece - A piece which is not a king or a pawn.
Piece type - Initially one of the 6 types of chess piece.

Action - A thing you can do on your turn.
	Initially, this is a move or a capture, but this might be expanded by later rules.
	Every action is designated to be an X move for some piece X.
Move - An action which changes the board state and is not a capture.
	An X move results in a square which used to contain an X now being empty.
	Castling is a king move. Promotion is a pawn move.
Capture - An action which results in at least one enemy piece being removed from the board.
	Every capture is designated to be an X capture for some piece X.
	An X-capture results in a square which used to contain an X now being empty.
Protected - Piece Y is protected by a friendly piece X if X could capture Y if X were an enemy piece.
	Note: We could use moves as the basis for protection instead.

Other
We should not say "take" anywhere.
	For example,  "take a move action" should be "make a move".
We should not say "attack" anywhere.
Replacement or addition?
	"X may act like Y" is an option, in addition to how X already acts.
	"X may act only like Y" is a replacement for how X already acts.

Using singular often makes things less ambiguous.
	For example, "A knight may swap places with a bishop" is better than "Knights may swap places with bishops".

Cards
This is mainly about rephrasing the text on the cards to fit the above rules.

All passant
	A piece may capture an enemy piece on any square it moved through on the previous turn.
Archbishop
	A queen may only act like a bishop or a knight.
Attack swap
	How is this different from weapon swap?
Bribe
	On your turn, you may perform an enemy pawn action instead.
Capture twice
	This was called Take twice.
	You may make two captures with two different pieces as one action.
Castles are for everyone
	A non-king X may castle with a friendly non-king Y on the same rank (or file?).
	X jumps 2 squares towards (or over or onto) Y, and Y moves to the square which X jumped over.
Chancellor
	A queen may only act like a rook or a knight.
Checkers
	Pawns move and capture like checkers.
	Are captures forced? They are in checkers so I think yes.
	Are multiple captures forced? Again, I think yes.
	Do pawns promote to a checkers queen? I think no.
Crowned
	A crowned piece may move or capture as a king.
Cylinder
	The right and left side of the board are adjacent.
Fast pawns
	A pawn may move any number of squares straight forwards. Draw another card.
Insane cylinder
	Pieces cannot move or capture backwards.
	The top and bottom of the board are adjacent, so a piece can wrap around.
Lend me your horse
	Non-pawn pieces protected by a knight may act as a knight.
Micro-manager
	Pieces more than one rank ahead of the king may not act.
Move swap
	A non-king X may swap places with a friendly non-king Y if X could move to Y's square.
Move through friendly pieces
	Can we call this "ghost" or something?
Move twice
	You may make two move with two different pieces as one action.
Night king queen
	We need to change this name because Game of Thrones.
	A queen may only act like a king or a knight.
Penalty box
	If the opponent's last action was a capture, you may move the capturing piece to any empty square as your action.
Possession
	If a non-pawn piece is protected by an X possessor then it can act as a non-possessor X.
Precocious pawns
	Pawns start the game advanced one square. Draw another card.
Rear guard
	After a queen move, a pawn may move to the square behind the queen if it is empty as part of the queen move.
Summoner
	A non-king may move to a square adjacent to a friendly summoner.
	This is a summoner action.
Teleporter
	A teleporter may move to a square adjacent to a friendly pawn.
Ten by ten.
	The board is 10x10 and the pieces start in the central 8x8 squares.
Trading places
	Any X and Y may swap places. This is an X move.
War and Peace
	You may make a move and a capture with two different pieces as one action.
Weapon swap
	An X moves like an X but captures only like a Y.
	A Y moves like a Y but captures only like an X.

Do we want to replace ① and ②? At least for a starting deck? Here are
some suggestions for the starting value for cards that have a ① or ②.

Crowned 1 - Bishop (horse in Shogi)
Crowned 2 - Rook (dragon in Shogi)
Move swap - Bishop and Rook
Possession - Knight
Retreater - Queen (but I think we should lose this)
Summoner - Bishop
Teleporter - Bishop
Trading places - Knight and Pawn
	The order is important because this is a ① move
	My suggestion is therefore to allow ② to be a pawn
Weapon swap 1 - Knight and Bishop
Weapon swap 2 - Rook and Queen

I think we have to lose rules from Ultima and Knightmare chess, but
not from Shogi or Chinese chess.  Lose Retreater because of Ultima.
